docs(examples): add multiple consumers usage (#59)
fastify/fastify-kafka: README.md

  console.log(`server listening on ${fastify.server.address().port}`)
})
 ```
 

> for more examples please take a look at the [examples directory](./examples)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more examples on how to use this plugin you can take a look at the [examples directory](./examples).
```

Author: changed
